well this is part 4 of pond in to areum
this is a little more complete I still
have a lot of stuff to do to it but this
is everything that I have for the little
10 gallon tank I had her in earlier as
you can see it's completely empty
there's nothing in there but this is
somewhat what it's supposed to look like
you have your land side like I said
there's a lot I'm going to do acts that
though I've only had this tank a month
and a half or two months not long at all
I have a couple other videos put in
however beer-mug 99s the username i go
by you can see what this tank used to
look like it was just like this right
here all the way across so I actually
didn't know didn't have no idea of doing
the pond I did until I seen other people
doing it and liked it so I figured do my
own and this is pretty much what it
looks like yeah it's pretty much half
and half maybe a little shy on the water
side yeah yeah pump runnin try to go for
a tropical jungle looking fly where I
don't know if I hit it on the head or
not but it's good enough for now until I
buy some really more expensive
decorations for the inside yeah there's
a high palace under the ground she's
actually got another will hide under
there so I said getting in you can see
there's a hole all right there she can
go in that hole and up into the bottom
of this route and up to the back
the plant their plant there I've got
them kind of bind in right there through
holes but it being Christmas time and
all
I'm just gonna save up my personal money
and get some Christmas money hopefully
and I can put some more decorations or
plants or whatever in there so yes
that's not nowhere near what I want it
to be but it's a lot better than just
something with mulch straight across so
anyways comments concerns anything you
like drop a few lines about you can do
that below thanks for watching